overview.md, before:

Testing, testing 1 2 3
* What is Beyond?
  Beyond is a new endgame portal...

  Beyond is also represents a difficulty increase beyond ziggurats and the orb of zot...

  Beyond is something for player characters who have conquered all other game content. Beyond is a 729-floor endurance test and a place for the developers to pull out all the stops in their pursuit of outwitting the player. Beyond isn't about throwing tons of new 1-shot mechanics at the player (though expect to see some...); beyond is about adding complexity and depth to combat and player choices, especially gear options. Beyond is about forcing the player through an obstacle course and making them think on their feet, pushing them out of their comfort zone a bit, but also handing them the tools to handle the situation. Major encounters should be trials by fire. Expect use of "save point" mechanics or maybe even something like Dark Souls bonfires?..

* Where is the project at so far?
  * See the features page for current progress

* Where is the project headed?
  * See the roadmap page for current progress

* Check out the other navigation tabs to find out more about new content, contribution, etc.

Commit message:

Landing page is live... Need to add content and pretty it up a bit next

overview.md, after:

* What is Beyond?
  Beyond is an effort to create content beyond ziggurat difficulty. Beyond is a new endgame challenge for players successful enough to conquer all known dungeon content up to this point. Beyond is a chance for developers to pull out all the stops and bend the rules of the game...

  I want Beyond to rank among the greatest video game challenges ever devised. The settings, the content, the complexity increases, the overwhelming depth of it all should work to pose the most brutal dungeon crawl experience developers can responsibly put before the player...

  Beyond takes inspiration from games like the Dark Souls-series, Hotline Miami, Super Meat Boy, ...

  Beyond is also represents a difficulty increase beyond ziggurats and the orb of zot...

  Beyond is something for player characters who have conquered all other game content. Beyond is a 729-floor endurance test and a place for the developers to pull out all the stops in their pursuit of outwitting the player. Beyond isn't about throwing tons of new 1-shot mechanics at the player (though expect to see some...); beyond is about adding complexity and depth to combat and player choices, especially gear options. Beyond is about forcing the player through an obstacle course and making them think on their feet, pushing them out of their comfort zone a bit, but also handing them the tools to handle the situation. Major encounters should be trials by fire. Expect use of "save point" mechanics or maybe even something like Dark Souls bonfires?..

* Where is the project at so far?
  * See the features page for current progress

* Where is the project headed?
  * See the roadmap page for current progress

* Check out the other navigation tabs to find out more about new content, contribution, etc.
